So, deep planning techniques have given us a way to take
a data-driven approach to solving
challenging tasks like object recognition and image classification.
So, in image classification tasks,
we can take a set of training images and ground truth class labels
and ensuring a classifier to produce accurate labels for those images.
For example, we can create a classifier by 28 on lots of images say,
of cats and dogs, and say,
if an image is a cat,
wants the classifier to produce a value close to one as output,
and then go to zero, if it's a dog.
So, as the classifier trains,
if it sees a image of a cat,
and outputs a small value like 0.1,
it knows that's wrong and change what it's doing.
Then tries again and again,
until it's basically learnt to tell the difference between images of cats and dogs,
and the intuits accurate to some degree.
These networks trained by monitoring and correcting the errors they make.
Classifiers typically use cross entropy loss as a measure of this error.
So this is called an objective functioning which I will note as letter L,
that measures the difference between
a model prediction Y had and the ground choose label Y.
So the key during training a classifier is heavy reliable measure for
a distance of O error between the true and the predicted class label.
So, how can we do something similar,
but for comparing true and the predicted output images?
So, what is a good way to measure the difference between two images?
Let's think about the case of automatic colorization of an image.
You might consider doing a pixel by pixel comparison.
So, for an input image X,
and ground truth choose output image Y,
we would like to look at the output of a model Y had and a compare pixel by pixel.
How close some average is to the ground choose Y.
This pixel distance is called Euclidean distance,
and this metric sounds reasonable,
but in practice, it's a bit too simple.
Since the Euclidean distance takes an average of squeal error terms between pixels,
It has a tendency to blur or dore an output image.
For example, if a model thinks that a bird is equally likely to be a blue
or red and it tries to minimize
the Euclidean distance between this pixel value possibilities,
it will end up choosing an average of colors and produce a brownish bird.
If we think about a pixel-wise difference being of a route he self scenarios.
Yeah, its weaknesses become apparent.
For example, two images of similar dogs may have very different pixel values.
But an image of a basketball and an orange maybe quite close pixel wise.
If we often want the content not just the appearance of an image to match up,
the objective functioning that will help us translate
when type of an image into another is not obvious.
If we're approaching the general problem of doing
image to image translation for a variety of tasks,
can we find the loss function such as useful for all of these tasks?
So, one thing we could try to do is to cherish this out output images and see how they
compare to some real training data to get
our charity images as close as two real images as possible.
We can use again,
which was designed to find the difference between real and cherish your data.
So, before we see how they are applied to image to image translation problems.
In the next video,
I will do a brief recap of how guesswork.